af/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
af/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:6: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
af/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
af/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Project-Id-Version' still has the initial default value
af/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Last-Translator' still has the initial default value
af/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language-Team' still has the initial default value
af/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
af/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ar/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ar/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ar/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ar/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:9: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ar/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
bg/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
bg/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
bg/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
bg/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
bg/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
bn/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
bn/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
bn/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
bn/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
bn/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ca/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:8: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ca/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:8: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ca/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ca/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ca/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:13: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ca/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:10856: 'msgid' and 'msgstr' entries do not both end with '\n'
msgfmt: errorea konponezin 1 aurkitu da
ca/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
cs/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:26: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
cs/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:26: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
cs/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
cs/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
cs/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
cy/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
cy/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
cy/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
cy/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:6: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
cy/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
da/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
da/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
da/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
da/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:16: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
da/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
de/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
de/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
de/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
de/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
de/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:14: oharra: header field 'Language-Team' still has the initial default value
de/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:13541: 'msgid' and 'msgstr' entries do not both end with '\n'
de/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:13592: 'msgid' and 'msgstr' entries do not both end with '\n'
de/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:14240: 'msgid' and 'msgstr' entries do not both end with '\n'
msgfmt: 3 errorea konponezin aurkitu dira
el/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
el/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
el/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
el/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:8: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
el/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
en_AU/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
en_AU/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Project-Id-Version' still has the initial default value
en_AU/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Last-Translator' still has the initial default value
en_AU/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language-Team' still has the initial default value
en_AU/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
en_AU/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Project-Id-Version' still has the initial default value
en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Last-Translator' still has the initial default value
en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language-Team' still has the initial default value
en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
en/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
en/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
en/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
en/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
eo/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
eo/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
eo/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
eo/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
eo/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
eo/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
et/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
et/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
et/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
et/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Project-Id-Version' still has the initial default value
et/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Last-Translator' still has the initial default value
et/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language-Team' still has the initial default value
et/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
et/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
eu/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fa/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fa/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fa/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fa/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fa/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fi/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:6: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fi/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:6: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fi/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fi/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fi/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:8: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fi/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fu/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fu/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fu/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fu/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
fu/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
gl/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
gl/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
gl/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
gl/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
he/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
he/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
he/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
he/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
he/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
he/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hi/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hi/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hi/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hi/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hi/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hr/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hr/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hr/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hr/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hr/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hu/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hu/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hu/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hu/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:10: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hu/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hy/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hy/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hy/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hy/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
hy/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
id/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
id/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
id/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
id/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
id/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
it/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:6: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
it/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
it/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
it/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:13523: 'msgid' and 'msgstr' entries do not both end with '\n'
it/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:13533: 'msgid' and 'msgstr' entries do not both end with '\n'
it/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:13549: 'msgid' and 'msgstr' entries do not both end with '\n'
msgfmt: 3 errorea konponezin aurkitu dira
it/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ja/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ja/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:12: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ja/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ja/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ja/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ka/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ka/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ka/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ka/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ka/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
kn/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
kn/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
kn/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
kn/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
kn/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ko/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ko/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ko/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ko/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ko/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
lt/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
lt/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
lt/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
lt/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
lt/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
lv/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
lv/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Project-Id-Version' still has the initial default value
lv/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Last-Translator' still has the initial default value
lv/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language-Team' still has the initial default value
lv/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
lv/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
mi/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
mi/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
mi/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
mi/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
mi/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
mk_MK/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:9: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
mk_MK/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:9: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
mk_MK/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
mk_MK/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:9: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
mk_MK/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
my/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
my/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
my/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
my/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
my/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
nn/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
nn/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
nn/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
nn/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Project-Id-Version' still has the initial default value
nn/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Last-Translator' still has the initial default value
nn/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language-Team' still has the initial default value
nn/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
nn/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
no/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
no/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
no/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
no/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
no/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:6: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
pl/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
pl/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
pl/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
pl/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
pl/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
pl/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
pt/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
rm/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
rm/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
rm/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Project-Id-Version' still has the initial default value
rm/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Last-Translator' still has the initial default value
rm/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language-Team' still has the initial default value
rm/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
rm/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ro/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ro/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ro/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ro/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ru/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ru/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:13549: 'msgid' and 'msgstr' entries do not both end with '\n'
msgfmt: errorea konponezin 1 aurkitu da
ru/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sk/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sk/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sk/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sk/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sk/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sk/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sl/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:13513: 'msgid' and 'msgstr' entries do not both end with '\n'
msgfmt: errorea konponezin 1 aurkitu da
sm/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sm/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sm/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sm/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sm/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sq/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sq/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sq/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sq/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sq/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sr@Cyrl/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sr@Cyrl/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sr@Cyrl/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sr@Cyrl/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sr@Cyrl/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sr@Latn/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sr@Latn/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sr@Latn/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sr@Latn/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sr@Latn/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sr/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sr/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sr/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sr/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sr/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sv/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sv/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sv/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sv/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:6: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
sv/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ta/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ta/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ta/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ta/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
ta/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
te/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
te/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
te/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
te/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
te/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
th/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
th/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
th/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
th/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
to/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
to/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
to/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
to/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
to/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
tr/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
tr/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
tr/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
tr/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
tr/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
tr/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
uk/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
uk/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
uk/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
uk/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
vi/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
vi/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
vi/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
vi/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
vi/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
vi/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_HK/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_HK/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_HK/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:2: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_HK/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_HK/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/cmfeditions.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/cmfplacefulworkflow.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/plonefrontpage.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/plonelocales.po:4: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:5: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:13502: 'msgid' and 'msgstr' entries do not both end with '\n'
zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/plone.po:13512: 'msgid' and 'msgstr' entries do not both end with '\n'
msgfmt: 2 errorea konponezin aurkitu dira
zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/widgets.po:3: oharra: header field 'Language' missing in header
